e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\purchaseRetrieve.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\purchaseRetrieve.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrieveCash.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrieveCash.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrieveDisburse.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrievegeneral.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\salesRetrieveData.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\purchaseRetrieve.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\purchaseRetrieve.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\purchaseRetrieve.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrieveCash.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrieveCash.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrieveCash.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrieveDisburse.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrieveDisburse.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrieveDisburse.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrievegeneral.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrievegeneral.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrievegeneral.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\salesRetrieveData.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\salesRetrieveData.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\salesRetrieveData.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\noimage.png
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\AJEGLS.exe.config
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\AJEGLS.exe
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\AJEGLS.pdb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\AJEGLS.xml
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmChartofAccount.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmCustomer.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmSupplier.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmCashReceipt.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmDisbursement.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmGeneralLedger.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmMain.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmPurchase.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmSalesJournal.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmSummarizingGeneral.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmsummarizingresult.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.Resources.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmIndex.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmLogin.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmSummarizingTrialBalance.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.exe
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.xml
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.pdb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmreportTrialBalance.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmIncomeStatement.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmBalanceSheet.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmOwners.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\accountlist.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\chart.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\credit.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\customerList.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\customerLname.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\filterAccount.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\journalsummarizeresult.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\loadassetsandliabilities.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\loadIncome.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\LoadLiabities.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\owners.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\OwnersEquity.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrieveIncomeStatement.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\summarizejournal.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\supplier.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\finalResultsummarize.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\supplierList.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\dsTrialBalanceMain.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\RetreiveExpense.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\accountlist.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\accountlist.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\accountlist.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\chart.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\chart.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\chart.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\credit.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\credit.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\credit.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\customerList.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\customerList.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\customerList.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\customerLname.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\customerLname.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\customerLname.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\filterAccount.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\filterAccount.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\filterAccount.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\journalsummarizeresult.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\journalsummarizeresult.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\journalsummarizeresult.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\loadassetsandliabilities.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\loadassetsandliabilities.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\loadassetsandliabilities.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\loadIncome.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\loadIncome.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\loadIncome.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\LoadLiabities.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\LoadLiabities.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\LoadLiabities.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\owners.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\owners.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\owners.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\OwnersEquity.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\OwnersEquity.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\OwnersEquity.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrieveIncomeStatement.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrieveIncomeStatement.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\retrieveIncomeStatement.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\summarizejournal.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\summarizejournal.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\summarizejournal.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\supplier.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\supplier.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\supplier.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\finalResultsummarize.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\finalResultsummarize.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\finalResultsummarize.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\supplierList.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\supplierList.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\supplierList.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\dsTrialBalanceMain.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\dsTrialBalanceMain.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\dsTrialBalanceMain.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\RetreiveExpense.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\RetreiveExpense.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Datasets\RetreiveExpense.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmSpecialJournal.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmJournalType.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmLedger.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmDepartment.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.frmEmployee.resources
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Expense.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\JournalEntryDataSet.Designer.vb
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Expense.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Expense.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Expense.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\JournalEntryDataSet.xsc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\JournalEntryDataSet.xsd
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\JournalEntryDataSet.xss
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Reports\IncomeSub.rdlc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Reports\rdlcIncomeStatement.rdlc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\Reports\IncomeStatementReport.rdlc
e:\access\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\access\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\AJEGLS.exe.manifest
E:\access\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\bin\Debug\AJEGLS.application
E:\access\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.TrustInfo.xml
E:\access\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.exe.manifest
E:\access\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AJEGLS\AJEGLS\obj\x86\Debug\AJEGLS.application
